He's gone.
What?
I'm sorry for your loss.
We need to take a shot.
How the fuck did Jack find us?
He's listening to me.
Enough is enough.
Trust me.
You were badly hurt and passed out.
I know.
There's about a thousand opportunities to kill me and my mum and you didn't.
But still you've got tragedy.
It's my doorstep.
How can I forgive you?
How can I forgive myself?
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Sorry.
Can you apology bring my mother back?
I've lost her!
I've lost her forever!
In the end, it makes you feel any better.
Thanks, I'm nothing.
It could be feel better.
She never came.
My mum was like the strain that can't be grounded.
Ensuring that was never completely alone.
I know that she's gone.
Everyone wants me to die.
Anyways, don't do anything stupid.
Stop!
No, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not my fault.
All of this.
It's because of me.
It's okay.
Just try to come down again.
Or even.